Open-Source Code
In the following sections, we will discuss
various online tools and resources
that can be used to passively search for
information.
One such source of interesting information
are open-source projects and online code
repositories, such as GitHub, GitLab, and
SourceForge.
Code stored online can provide a glimpse
into the programming languages
and frameworks used by an organization.
In some rare occassions, developers have
even accidentally committed sensitive data
and credentials to public repos.
The search tools for some of these
platforms will support the Google Hacking
search operators that we discussed
earlier in this module.
For example, GitHub’s search is very
flexible.
On GitHub, we will be able to search a
user’s or organization’s repos,
but we need an account if we want to
search across all public repos.
Let’s assume that we identified MegaCorp
One’s GitHub account.
We can search the account’s repos for
interesting information.
In this case, we’ll use filename:users
to search for any files with the word
“users” in the name.
Our search only found one file -
xampp.users.
Even with a single result, we may have
found something very interesting
as XAMPP is a web application development
environment.
Let’s check the contents of the file.
This file appears to contain a username
and password hash
that could be very useful when we begin
our active attack phase.
This manual approach will work best on
small repos.
For larger repos, we can use several tools
to help automate some of the searching,
such as Gitrob and Gitleaks.
Recon-ng also has several modules for
searching GitHub.
Most of these tools require an access
token
to use the source code hosting provider’s
API.